  For decades, the offer has been sitting on the table. The next step in space exploration, NASA's most sought after plan to put a human on Mars. 
  Free training, a futuristic spaceship ride, food, and the experience of a lifetime is the mission that has been offered to anyone who really wants to accept it. Given these 
  specifications, the offer seems to good to be true, and well, it is. The problem is that the trip only comes with a one way ticket, accepting this mission is like making a 
  promise to kill yourself in three years. The trip takes two years, and then they supply you with enough food to keep doing research for another year until you are no longer 
  needed. Seems harsh, but c'mon, there has to be at least one person on this planet who is crazy enough to do it. A person who has nothing to live for, nothing to look forward 
  to, and nobody to care for. Well, it just so happens that I meet all of these criteria, and I, Jrue Jackson, am ready to die. 

  The first two years of travel seemed to fly by, and due to prior planning on the part of myself and NASA I never ran out of media to consume. SSDs filled with movies I had spent my whole life planning to see, books that I couldn't wait to discuss with other people...wait, what do I mean "other people"? I spoke to my last real person two years ago tomorrow, and our ship will land in 36 hours. I am suddenly unsure about this plan of mine, but I figure mars will probably be worth it. I spend the last day before landing puttering aroudn the ship, watching one more movie and sleeping for 12 hours. With nothing to do I have gotten very good at sleeping. Finally, after the ship runs it's auto-landing program, the console informs me it is safe to exit the craft. I put on my space suit and step outside.

The landscape was barren and never-ending. It was a rather shocking change of scenery after spending two years crammed inside a flying computer. It felt good to stretch my legs and enjoy the wide-open space. With the weaker gravitational pull, I hardly even noticed all the weight I gained during the trip. I spent hours exploring the area, and I began conducting the research that was now my entire life's purpose. Hours turned into days, days into weeks, and weeks into months. As my food supplies began to run low I could sense the end coming ever closer. One night I got to thinking: I actually enjoyed my life on Mars. I finally felt as if I had a purpose and that the work I was doing was important. Suddenly, I began to panic as I realized I no longer wanted to die. At that moment I wished I could find a way to survive past the end of the year. Then, as if by magic, a shooting star appeared in the sky. Wait a minute, not a shooting star, it was another space ship. I saw it fly over the horizon and made sure to remember which direction it was headed. It landed out of sight, but it just might have been close enough. It might take me days to track the ship down, but at least now I can have hope.
